####################################################################################
#                                                                                  #
#                                    Smoggle                                       #
#                                                                                  #
####################################################################################

+--------------+
| Presentation |
+--------------+
Smoggle is a Boggle game solver written in C++, under LGPL license. Its main feature 
is to solve multilingual and multidimensional grid games. First, the program builds a 
lexicographic tree in memory according to a selected language (french, british).

Then, a multidimensional grid is randomly generated thanks to a weighted alphabet 
defined into the `data/alphabet.xml' XML file.

Finally, the solver computes the words list by browsing the grid and the tree in 
in the same time. The words list and some statistics are displayed on the terminal.

More recently, an additional mode has been added to solve the inverse Boggle game: given 
a set of letters, we want to maximize the score of the grid. Since this problem is 
known to be NP-complete, several heuristics are provided to solve it among:

* Greedy algorithm
* Simulated annealing
* Genetic algorithm

+-------------+
| Compilation |
+-------------+
Once the archive unzipped, go into the main directory and type `make'.

+---------+
| Running |
+---------+
Once the compiling finished, you can solve a 4x4 random grid by

./main -s direct

The grid dimension as well as the size and the input language can be changed. Please 
type `--help' to get more information about the options.

+---------------+
| Documentation |
+---------------+
For any extra information, please consult the documentation available in the `doc' 
directory in LaTeX / HTML format. It can be generated by typing `make doc'.
